Runtime Python updates (#2643)
astronomer/docs: astro/upgrade-runtime.md

This is where you'll find the upgrade considerations for specific Astro Runtime versions. This includes breaking changes, database migrations, and other considerations.

#### Runtime 9 (Airflow 2.7)

> ##### Connection testing in the Airflow UI disabled by default

Author: ```suggestion
##### Connection testing in the Airflow UI is disabled by default
```

> In Airflow 2.7, connection testing in the Airflow UI is disabled by default. Astronomer does not recommend enabling the feature unless you fully trust all users who can access your Deployment's Airflow UI.

Author: ```suggestion
In Airflow 2.7, connection testing in the Airflow UI is disabled by default. Astronomer does not recommend reenabling the feature unless you fully trust all users with edit/ delete permissions for Airflow connections.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we should reword the above since if a user doesn't have edit/delete permission to the Connection resource, there's no harm in enabling the test connection. We can put it that if they want to enable the test connection they should make sure that only certain people have edit/delete permission on the connection resource

Reviewer 2: Maybe there's a good place for us to document this behavior and permission matrix outside of the Runtime Upgrade instructions, so we can link to it from these notes, instead of going into nuanced detail here. 
- We've got this existing page (https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables)
- Docs team just had a discussion about how we document connections, 
@jwitz/@manmeet, maybe it relates to this open PR? https://github.com/astronomer/docs/pull/2678
